oh really I have a question I
have a question [ __ ] can I
ask it Javi man of course [ __ ] it's your
show too Don't
ask me I've already assumed that this
show It's going to be the one that's going to kick me off
YouTube and the one that's going to cost me all
the lawsuits but you're putting the two
channels or how is this no no in Javi's Javi
's Javi No mine just about bugs
how do you get along
with mine
also with Well look recently in an
interview they did to me but it's
not going to come out this one in a few
months they asked me Look I'm going to
be honest with you okay I don't know
Rubén that well people thought he was a member of
the team you know the story that he got
covered in mud and all that I can tell you
all that how it was eh But wait I
can tell you everything How it was because I also
told it to someone that
you know and he was like [ __ ] [ __ ]
Look I think the guy acted with good
heart I have no doubt that the
guy the guy has spent a lot of
money eh helping but that  then it wasn't
very appropriate of some behavior you
understand me because you say [ __ ] You can't
be thinking how to tell you in the image
when the subject is as it is my my
opinion okay he doesn't know my opinion is
the same Uh my opinion is that he's an
[ __ ] who at one point acted
[ __ ] okay But that doesn't mean that
the guy is there working like a
bastard well well well but that he has
left his life gisbert has left his
life and I tell you one thing why
I count on gisbert because when nobody is
telling anything and I'm here in this
office on the other side making a
lineage the free commenting on what's
happening and freaked out Fran Javi because I
see that the TV is broadcasting well
vinicius a baked hake how is it
done and I say [ __ ] if the internet is
full of images that in Valencia the
Apocalypse is coming Then I
see jber And jber is that it is from Cat roja
then Of course I know perfectly well the
implication you know What is the story
of the mud that I don't know if it has been told
well or not  it has been said that it is brutal
Look, I was with him there after a month it made
me feel terrible rord basically it was cl
clear to me it made me feel terrible because I
guys I swear that that makes me feel very
bad I mean how do I come from where I come from the
subject of mysteries these things that I
like if you fake something today you're dead
because the worst thing is that you have more
audience of course and but but we have
many examples guys on TV of
people who for a little more audience
pull and pull and pull I mean they're going to
come to tell me what TV is
So what happens that I with that but
not because it's whims no but I say
host in my team I don't allow such
because we are on such a delicate subject
you can make a mistake watch out Hey I may have made
mistakes a thousand times like everyone else
but don't force or deceive So what
happens that I'm going to tell you something that
is brutal which is that I find Isbert
funny but it's not
funny at all and I wanted to kill him that day 5
minutes before I call him I don't
realize the tension he must have
with everything and prepared  and I say to him eh Ruben
When you enter the garage we
realized that the signal goes away
like the signal goes away Let's try to
do a false live start
just the image of you entering and then we
reconnect in summary because
people also talked about it recently in an
interview that this guy did to me says
let's see I say you're going to understand
because you're a TV man you Frank are
going to understand it perfectly
people no eh when they record Gisbert's
famous video let's see who records it
and who followed him so Carefully
to Gisbert Gisbert goes down that path and he's
going to get into the mud anyway I mean it's
like if you're going to do a take Frank
jumping into a lake and you try to
secretly get your hair wet I mean it's it's
scary it's going to happen to you it's going to happen to you
yes or no it was a stupid thing yes it is
also an absolute stupidity it is a
stupid thing In fact I'm going to say one thing
when you throw that This is very well
thrown eh in the dark in such And  no and
people don't have to know that it was
the same beginning of horizon, I mean
the kid ended up in the garage and
the fault is partly mine partly because
I called him 5 minutes before and I said
look Ruben, record a piece, we'll do that
entry because he's going to cover it and
then you come in Ruben gets all confused that it
wasn't exactly like that because there are things
that I think because of vanity you have to
ignore that, I mean you don't even have to
think about it, I mean jber did everything right
except think about his image there but he
thought and I think that really putting the
scales what jber has done with that
is immeasurable no eh it weighs a thousand times more bu one
thing one thing is that you do one thing is
that you do something stupid and
another thing is that you've gone overboard There
healing yourself every [ __ ] day how did it
happen I mean because Also that is
known and so that Javi knows so that
your people know gisbert gets all confused
because I do it to him in part with my
calls and I can attest to that  5 minutes before I
changed the roll that he
had and he was in a moment of great
tension with a program that two days
before had blown up and he thinks he
thinks it wasn't like that But he thinks that he was
going to come out stained and then clean
you understand that
and he does that but that's [ __ ]
really what gave us problems
was the parking thing after no
but well I'll get really pissed off Fran I'll get
really pissed off why Because I [ __ ]
knew that this was going to be used
too and I've spoken to him and I
still can't understand it I haven't seen it and I ca
n't understand it then I'll take the
absolutely Indira and
recalcitrant measure of saying Hey no I can't
count on you you've
failed me you've failed me And this is not
getting rid of the brown or anything It's that
I was stunned when they
sent it to me What need is there in the middle of the drama
with all this to exaggerate a little more and it
's a pain in the ass man it's a pain because it
's [ __ ] but that [ __ ] well, it
costs you dearly and it's [ __ ]
never It's  that also you are not doing
fiction you don't have to you are covering the
Dana you are not covering something fiction that has to
be aware of the continuity it is
not a series it is reality s but cl is the it
is the inexperience of not working
in television I want I want to take advantage of
this a lot of people see I want to take this opportunity
to say that I was with Rubén a
month just when the Dana thing happened I went
there I went without having
planned it and right there he Abi and he got me
everywhere the guy was super
involved in what he has done it is that his
Neighborhood I mean the guy was involved
with the people but as if all of Valencia
were his family to the max people don't know
what that guy helped from here I am going to
send you a message to see
voluntary where there are Valencian of
Pro I think that at first because
of some knees full of mud for whatever
reason that I don't care
Because I understand Endo a lot of how it
works in television and how the
rord and how the live shows are the
false live shows and all that and I am not going to
give it more importance because I think it does not
have any  comparing or in comparison with
the hours minutes and days that you have
dedicated to helping the people of Valencia
to your neighbors and it is Justice that I
send this video telling you that I
apologize for having judged you and I
want to highlight the work that
you have been doing in Valencia. I have
been there for days working there and we have been
stepping on each other's heels, I have
seen you working and I have not said anything,
we have coincided in garages with
volunteers with a difference of minutes,
sometimes I have even had to wait for you to
finish your work so I could get there
and not bother you and well I regret
not having approached you at that moment
and told you man I am
really sorry A stupid detail an
irrelevant situation that does not change anything
the tragedy nor does it change anything the
discomfort and the neglect of the
Valencians has caused so much
disorder so many minutes of media so many
minutes of social networks and well
for my part I tell you I am sorry I
present you My respects for your work I
apologize and the truth is that we
need more people like you and I say it has
been unfair it felt very bad to us
okay it is  say I'm not going to lie to you
either at that moment of the game
guys a [ __ ] like that was tremendous
because I knew immediately that it was
giving wings to all these who were already
chasing us no and I sincerely Thank goodness you're
not going to see that day because I
swear to you hab dude a problem why because I was
very indignant I say [ __ ] Ruben
dude it's like I don't know how to compare it Frank
it's like in one of your programs it's that I don't
know how to compare it but I mean
dude But how do you do this I mean but if it's that
besides it's not necessary at all you
know But I know Ruben I have
continued talking to Ruben I have continued I
have no problem with him and I think
that he rushed and I think that the
events not only because of that but in
some other thing they played a dirty
trick on him and what have I told you 40 minutes and
we're here marking an abuse with you
that I love you I want to tell you that here is
your home always every time I
asked you for something you have not let me down and you have
been there without hesitation so
know that you will always have a couple of
friends here for whatever is needed Well me and
hosti  I was
delighted to meet a
Frank on the street one day, do you remember Frank,
damn the car We were going in two of
my son's straight outta a movie minis and you were going in yours with
yours open top, yeah in Madrid all of a sudden
Look at this, a bit empty street, downtown
Madrid, it was a bit of a movie A
mini and another mini approaches, imagine and
suddenly they call me a [ __ ]
fascist, but I didn't know about that recently, yeah, not long ago,
the last time I was
there was like 4 months ago or three months ago,
oh [ __ ], he didn't say anything to me, well Iker,
we ran into each other in New York, but I
realized it later I mean, seeing it on Twitter, I
mean, damn, but we'd been
crossing paths on the same streets, well, in the
end, you know, everyone
moves around the area more or less in the center
and we were there the same number of days, man We almost ran into each other, maybe we
bumped into each other But not there, yeah Well, me, me,
colleagues, the two of you and another, another
bunch of friends, eh, Nothing, just Let's
show yourselves Not my thanks, but here's
my axe, you know what I want to
tell you, I mean, anything you do,
anything I can  help you
because that's where it really shows you understand
with what I told you before also
about the disappointments because there was a group of
influencers of people who have a lot of
power on Twitter so much that they went to
war no and that motivated a
counterreaction and that has also never been seen before
and those who had everything very
well designed are scared so for me that I mean I
carry it in my heart and it's not a joke I mean
for whatever you want eh count
on me it's reciprocal I send you a
big kiss another day we'll bring Carmen eh what is that I
say of course what you
want to bring as it is by video call
I mean bringing both of them it would be a little
strange and we ask her gossip that that that that that's that
also Carmen is a
machine she's a Charm Send her a kiss from
us and and thank you very much
hey Frank come one day horizon
man no no no no no I don't
go to TV or anything nothing nothing nothing
You know that our TV is different eh Let's
see tell tell Yes but it's that they
take away all your sponsors
All your sponsors are leaving you on the day and it seems like you have
n't covered the Daniel Sancho case
on your show, it caught my
attention. Well, because it's being
handled by other colleagues who are a
bit more focused
on the event and I thought it was going to be
like overlapping us in two days a lot of
things. And a little out of
professional respect it's better better that you haven't
talked about it because [ __ ] It's true
that look How did it happen that we haven't
talked it's not true it's true I don't know
how that will end but I don't know how the
terrible story will end. We send you a
huge kiss and a hug and as I said Here is
your home and thank you very much Prim
program Hey, as I would say about the
masses, I give you my heart eh I give you my
heart No, no, it's a greeting See you later See you later
bye See you later
[Music]